jgibbons-cp/doc_disable_win_injection - note for disabling lib injecti… (#25154)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/automatic_instrumentation/single-step-apm.md

   - Linux VMs (Debian, Ubuntu, Amazon Linux, CentOS/Red Hat, Fedora)
   - Docker
   - Kubernetes clusters with Linux containers ([Datadog Admission Controller][5] must be enabled) 

>      - NOTE: Windows pods are not supported. Use enabled/disabled namespaces or an explicit annotation in the application to exclude them from library injection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - NOTE: Windows pods are not supported. Use namespace inclusion/exclusion or specify an annotation in the application to exclude them from library injection.
```
